---
layout: post
title:  "Ruby now available on the Mac for the first time, in addition to a big update for iPhone, iPad, and Apple Watch"
date:   2021-03-10 12:00:00 -0500
categories: update
---

Ruby v1.2 has been released for iOS and watchOS! This update brings many enhancements to the experience for all users. This update also brings Ruby to the Mac for the first time.

### Important Stuff
- We just released our macOS app, now available on the Mac App Store. Ruby for Mac requires macOS Big Sur 11.0 or later. You can download our macOS app on the [Mac App Store](https://apps.apple.com/us/app/id1522815729).
- Ruby is now $0.99! We hope this adjustment allows Ruby to be more accessible to users. This price change was possible thanks to the new API that is cheaper to use.

### All of the Changes
– Massive refresh for the Apple Watch app. This update brings a new design, and haptics! It also brings Trends to Apple Watch, along with a new Settings page for setting Region and Language on the go.
– Introducing a brand new macOS app! If you have a Mac computer of any sort, feel free to try it. The download will be free if you currently own it on your iPhone or iPad.
– We are now pulling the News from a different source, which provides better news, along with more results.
– Updated Article layout on the iOS app. Each article is more compact, and the Time is now displayed in a better format for users to understand.
– Introduced a new Reader View, which gets rid of the Ads and other Popups that were previously shown when loading a news article directly from the web.
– Fixed issue where your Region/Language wouldn’t properly set for the Trending and Search tab.

### Even More
We hope you guys enjoy this update. Feel free to share [Ruby](https://apps.apple.com/us/app/id1522815729) with your friends, and please give us any feedback on [Twitter](https://twitter.com/peroxaan). Our DMs are open for suggestions!

